The following presentation
is from Northern Lights.
In this piece, the author
discusses the Aurora Borealis,
natural lights found in the
sky near the North Pole.
The night sky above us is full of lights.
These lights are stars and
planets far away in space.
Most are bigger than planet Earth,
where we live.
They seem tiny because
they are so far away.
In some places on Earth, people see
more than stars and planets in the sky.
They see amazing lights
called the Northern Lights.
The Northern Lights are the most
exciting light show you could ever see.
They can start with a pale
green light in the sky.
Sometimes, they become beautiful, bright
sheets of light dancing across the night sky.
The Northern Lights are called an aurora.
Their full name is the aurora borealis.
The Northern Lights are most often seen
in places close to the North Pole.
Sometimes people in Canada and Alaska
can see the Northern Lights, too.
The Northern Lights form
high above the ground.
They are usually around 60 miles
(100 kilometers) up in
the Earth’s atmosphere.
There are also lights
around the South Pole.
The South Pole is on the frozen
continent of Antarctica.
This is one of the coldest places on Earth.